# CPP_Data_Structure

### ch1
**test1**: To determine prime numbers.

**test2**: To calculate the sum of the Oscillate Series.

### ch2
**t7**: Implement assignment , merging and traversal of sequential lists.

**t10**: Polynomial addition based on linked list.

**t11**: Big interger class based on linked list.

### ch3
**t3**: A function that convert infix expressions into postfix expressions.

**t4**: A function that calculate postfix expressions.

**t5***: Pascal statement pairing detection.

### ch4
**t5**: Re-implement the queue class using singly linked list with a head node.

### ch5
**t3**: Implement hierarchical traversal of binary tree.

**t4**: To determine whether the binary tree is a complete binary tree.

**t6**: To determine whether the two binary trees are mirror images of each other.

**t8**: Re-implement a tree class and its pre-order, post-order and hierarchical traversal, which is stored in the son and brother list.

### ch7
**t6**: Implement a 'find' function based on linked list.

### ch8
**t2**: Add three methods into BinarySearchTree. Their functions are as follows: 

    1. remove all elements that are less than a specified value (excluding boundaries). 

    2. remove all elements that are larger than a specified value (excluding boundaries). 

    3. remove all elements in a specified range (including boundaries).

**t3**: Implement the 'insert', 'remove' and 'find' functions of BinarySearchTree non-recursively.

**t9**: Add a method into BinarySearchTree to find the i-th largest element in the set.

### ch9
**t4**: An 100×100 sparse matrix is generated by a random function, of which the element value is in the range of 1 to 1000, and the probability of non-zero element is 1%. The matrix is stored in a close hash table. Finally we check whether the number of non-zero elements of the matrix is 1% of all.

### ch10
**t1**: Design a function to remove all repeating elements in array A with N elements, and return the number of elements still in array A. The time complexity of the function is O(NlogN).

**t7**: Design two functions to find the K-th largest element in an unordered array with N elements. The time complexity of the first function is O(N+KlogN) and that of the second function is O(NlogK).

**t8**: Modify the quick sort function to use the median as the standard element. The sampling method is to take the first, last and middle ones of the sorted elements as samples.


